# ABC-University

  The problem being solved in the projects for this course is that ABC University is in search of software that can help their computer science advisors in accessing students' course information. I approached the problem first by finding the specific needs of the computer science advisors and the information they need to access. Then determining the data structures required to store the course information. I created psuedoocode for a vector, hash table, and binary tree storing this information and evaluated the runtime and memory of the data structures. Comprehending data structures is essential because they allow for the efficient storage and retrieval of data, when dealing with large amounts of information. By organizing data in an efficient way, software can execute operations on the data quickly with fewer computational resources. This results in the development of effective software capable of processing substantial amounts of data.
 
  I overcame roadblocks going through the activities and projects by first reviewing past assignments and the textbook for topics I was confused on. I also incorporated a structured schedule throughout my work sessions to avoid getting unfocused and to be efficient with my time. The work on this project expanded my approach to designing software by showing the importance of data structures in an application. The data structures relate to the efficiency of the application and how data is stored and accessed. My work on this project evolved the way I write programs because being maintainable, readable, and adaptable are critical qualities of any program. When writing the code for this application I emphasized using the best techniques by adding comments, using clear variable names, and organizing the code into methods to keep it clear. I also selected my data structure based on what will be the most efficient for solving the client issue.  
